♫  I said you wanna be startin' somethin'  ♫
♫  You got to be startin' somethin'  ♫
♫  It's too high to get over  ♫
♫  You're too low to get under  ♫
♫  You're stuck in the middle  ♫
♫  And the pain is thunder  ♫
♫  It's too high to get over  ♫
♫  You're too low to get under  ♫
♫  You're stuck in the middle  ♫
♫  And the pain is thunder  ♫
♫  I took my baby to the doctor  ♫
♫  With a fever. but nothin' he found  ♫
♫  By the time this hit the street  ♫
♫  They said she had a breakdown  ♫
♫  Someone's always tryin'  ♫
♫  To start my baby cryin'. talkin'. squealin'. lyin'  ♫
♫  Sayin' you just want to be startin' somethin'  ♫
♫  I said you wanna be startin' somethin'  ♫
♫  You got to be startin' somethin'  ♫
Created by Sailor420        Enjoy single-line sub
Michael. Michael. Michael!
Mike.
Get back in line.
All right. Come on. now.
We're gonna take it from the top.
And get it right this time.
One. two. three. four.
Stop!
Breathe together!
You got to feel it. You hear?
Take it from the top.
One. two. three. four.
Michael. I need you to look at me.
♫  Fairy tales  ♫
Michael. eyes. Up here.
♫  I don't enjoy  ♫
♫  Fairy tales  ♫
♫  And wishful dreams  ♫
Michael. I'm gonna need your eyeline. At me.
♫  Are broken toys  ♫
♫  'Cause I'm a big boy now  ♫
♫  Big boy  ♫
♫  That's a looking for  ♫
♫  Big boy. ooh  ♫
♫  Someone to love  ♫
♫  Oh. yeah  ♫
All right. I think that's good.
All right. all right. all right.
Y'all did all right.
It's gonna feel better when you get it right.
♫  Oh. how happy you have made me  ♫
♫  I have kissed your lips...  ♫
Eat your food. please.
Stop!
Mikey. why are you playing with your food?
You need to stop playing with it.
Come on. You know he never eats.
- Shut up. La Toya.  - You shut up.
La Toya. I was not talking to you
Look. I made a face.
I see. baby. but you need to eat.
That's a real work of art.
All right. now. listen up. boys.
I know you would never let me down.
And I...
I think you're ready.
So. I've booked us a few gigs.
We start in Illinois tomorrow. Two shows a night.
Wait. Joseph. we don't need to work them that hard.
Work? They don't know the first thing about work.
I understand that. but they have school.
Let me tell you something.
In this life.
you're either a winner or you're a loser.
You hear me?
Y'all some poor Black kids from Gary. Indiana.
Shit. ain't nothing gonna be handed to you.
But you got to fight for it.
Y'all want to work in the steel mill like me
- for rest of your days?  - No. sir.
Yeah. because I sure as hell don't.
Unless you work harder...
harder than anyone else.
this is your life.
Y'all willing to fight for it?
Yes. sir.
I need to hear you a little louder.
Y'all willing to fight for it?
Yes. sir.
Now. I want you to reach out.
like you're about to touch that wall. but not quite.
Like this. all right. Reach out. Come on.
But don't touch it.
All right. Good. That's it.
Keep your arms up. Keep your arms up.
Now. I want you to look at that wall.
All right.
Close your eyes.
We're gonna reach out together...
as one.
As a family.
No more Jackie...
Tito...
Jermaine...
Marlon...
and Michael.
From now on...
you're the Jackson 5.
♫  Now when I look at you  ♫
♫  All my love come running through  ♫
♫  You've changed and it's showing  ♫
♫  My love for you is growing  ♫
♫  My love. my love. my love is growing!  ♫
♫  You've changed and it's showing  ♫
♫  Yeah  ♫
♫  Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah  ♫
♫  Your looks  ♫
♫  Ooh. my honey sugar  ♫
♫  Your eyes  ♫
♫  Ooh. now you hypnotize  ♫
Tito. you were amazing.
- Hi. boys.  - That was crazy.
- Hi. Mother.  - Hey. Mother.
Why don't you wash your hands and get your night clothes on?
- It's getting late.  - Hold up. No. no. no.
No. No. no. no. no. no. no.
Set up your instruments. Come on.
They have school in the morning. What do you mean?
Ain't no time for no nighty-night and sweet dreams.
We need to rehearse so we can get it right. Come on.
Come on. Set them up.
- Come on.  - Why? We're tired.
- And-- And we did good.  - Mikey. it's fine.
You tired?
And you think you did good?
Is that right. Michael?
Yes. Joseph.
We did good.
Michael. come over here. Come here.
You lookin' at me like I ain't talking to you?
Boy. you come over here when I call!
What?
My opinion don't matter around here...
boy?
- Joseph. stop it.  - You gonna mind me. boy!
We'll rehearse until you get it right.
In this life. you're either a winner...
- Or a loser.  - That's right.
You gonna cry? Go on and cry.
Go on. big nose.
Set it up.
Michael. it's Mother.
"Old foes slowly circle each other
"for a long moment.
"Neither spoke.
"Captain Hook met his fate in the jaws of his old enemy.
"the Crocodile.
"Neverland was finally free."
Five. six...
Five. six. seven. eight.
Michael. keep your eyes right here. Michael. right here.
♫  Stand! In the end. you'll still be you  ♫
♫  One that's done all the things  ♫
♫  You set out to do  ♫
♫  Stand!. there's a cross  ♫
♫  For you to bear  ♫
♫  Things to go through if you're going anywhere  ♫
♫  Everybody say. stand!  ♫
♫  For the things you know are right  ♫
♫  It's the truth that the truth  ♫
♫  Makes them uptight  ♫
♫  Stand!  ♫
♫  All the things you want are real  ♫
♫  It's just you  ♫
♫  To complete and there is no deal  ♫
♫  Yeah. yeah. yeah  ♫
Try it. Marlon.
Sharp. That's it. Get those arms up.
♫  Stand  ♫
That's the audience. Right here. right here.
♫  Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah  ♫
♫  Yeah. yeah. yeah  ♫
♫  Stand!  ♫
♫  They will try to make you crawl  ♫
♫  And they know what they're saying makes no sense at all  ♫
♫  Stand!  ♫
♫  Don't you know that you are free?  ♫
♫  Well. at least in your mind if you want to be  ♫
♫  Everybody say  ♫
♫  Oh! Ha!  ♫
♫  Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah  ♫
♫  Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah  ♫
That's it.
♫  Yeah. yeah. yeah  ♫
Whoo!
♫  Losing you would end my life. you see  ♫
♫  Because you mean that much to me  ♫
♫  You could have told me yourself  ♫
♫  That you love somebody else  ♫
♫  Instead I heard it through the grapevine  ♫
♫  Oh. not much longer would you be mine  ♫
♫  Don't you know that I heard it  ♫
♫  Yes. I heard it  ♫
♫  Oh!  ♫
♫  Just about to. about to. about to lose my mind. oh  ♫
Thank you so much.
We gonna get ready to take a little break.
So. I want to introduce you all
to some handsome young fellas.
Now. ladies. don't let them break your hearts.
Ladies and gentlemen.
let's give it up for the Jackson 5!
- Hi. boys.  - Hi.
He's adorable.
Come on. Come on. come on.
♫  Ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh  ♫
♫  Never can say goodbye  ♫
♫  Never can say goodbye. girl  ♫
♫  No. no. no. I  ♫
♫  Never can say goodbye  ♫
♫  Never can say goodbye. girl  ♫
♫  Even though the pain and heartache  ♫
♫  Seems to follow me wherever I go  ♫
♫  Though I try and try to hide my feelings  ♫
♫  They always seem to show  ♫
♫  When you try to say you're leaving me  ♫
♫  And I always have to say no  ♫
- ♫  Tell me why  ♫  - ♫  Tell me why...  ♫
You like my boys?
Are you their manager?
Joseph Jackson.
Suzanne de Passe from Motown.
Motown?
♫  Every time I think I've had enough  ♫
♫  And start heading for the door  ♫
♫  There's a very strange vibration...  ♫
That's God-given talent right there.
Perfect pitch.
Perfect pitch?
We ain't there yet.
♫  Tell me why  ♫
- ♫  Is it so  ♫  - ♫  Is it so...  ♫
The things he could do with that voice.
♫  I never can say goodbye. girl  ♫
♫  No. no. no  ♫
- ♫  No. no  ♫  - ♫  Never can say goodbye  ♫
♫  No. no. no...  ♫
I'll be in touch. Mr. Jackson.
♫  I never can say goodbye  ♫
♫  I never can say goodbye. girl  ♫
♫  The best things in life are free  ♫
♫  But you can give them to the birds and bees  ♫
♫  I need money  ♫
♫  That's what I want  ♫
- Boys. look alive.  - Hi. Mr. Gordy.
- Mr. Gordy's here.  - Suzanne.
Boys. good to see you again.
Y'all been learning the song we gave you?
Practicing night and day.
We'll start with Michael.
♫  Let me tell you now  ♫
♫  When I had you to myself  ♫
♫  I didn't want you around  ♫
Michael. um.
you're moving too much.
All right. here we go.
Uh. Michael. you're doing it again.
Take a step closer to the microphone.
That's it. And I'm gonna need you to keep your feet still.
You understand me?
Give me the same lead up.
Here we go.
♫  Let me tell you now  ♫
♫  When I had you to myself I didn't want you around  ♫
♫  Those pretty faces always made you  ♫
♫  Stand out in a crowd  ♫
- Let me talk to him.  - No. he's just getting it.
I just need five minutes.
Say. Joseph. why don't you worry
about keeping the boys on schedule. huh?
We got this over here.
♫  Oh. baby. give me one more chance  ♫
♫  Won't you please let me back in your heart?  ♫
♫  Oh. darling I was blind...  ♫
What did I tell you?
♫  But now. since I see you in his arms  ♫
♫  When I  ♫
♫  Had you  ♫
♫  I treated you bad  ♫
♫  And wrong. my dear. and. girl. since  ♫
♫  Since you went away  ♫
♫  Don't you know I sit around  ♫
♫  With my head hanging down  ♫
♫  And I wonder who's loving you  ♫
♫  I. I. I. I...  ♫
Let me tell you something. son.
I've been doing this a long time.
I've never heard a voice quite like yours.
You sang that song better than Smokey himself.
Really?
You're special.
You have something to say.
That's rare. Michael.
Yeah. this is the fader. Come on. try it.
Move it up. This fader goes up and down
- and it sets the levels...  - Wow.
to the volume.
It can make your voice sound... ...louder...
...or softer.
- All right?  - Yeah.
And these knobs up here. that's for your EQ.
What's EQ?
Equalization.
You see. when we record.
we split things up in track. right?
Excuse me. uh... Time to go. Michael.
Mr. Gordy's a very busy man.
I'm sure you've taken up enough of his time.
Go ahead on. Michael.
I can show you this stuff some other time. right?
- Okay. Mr. Gordy. Thank you.  - All right. Mm-hmm.
♫  I Want You Back  ♫
Hey. Michael.
You can ask me anything...
anytime you want.
♫  A. B. C  ♫
- ♫  Easy as one. two. three  ♫  - ♫  One. two. three  ♫
- ♫  Ah. simple as Do-Re-Mi  ♫  - ♫  Do-Re-Mi  ♫
♫  A. B. C. one. two. three  ♫
- ♫  Baby. you and me. girl  ♫  - ♫  You and me  ♫
♫  A. B. C  ♫
- ♫  Easy as one. two. three  ♫  - ♫  One. two. three  ♫
- ♫  Ah. simple as Do-Re-Mi  ♫  - ♫  Do-Re-Mi  ♫
♫  A. B. C. one. two. three  ♫
- ♫  Baby. you and me. girl  ♫  - ♫  You and me  ♫
♫  Come on and love me just a little bit...  ♫
All right. so. how old are you?
Ten.
No. you're not ten. You're eight.
♫  Come on. come on. come on  ♫
♫  Let me show you what it's all about  ♫
♫  Reading. writing. arithmetic  ♫
In this business. you can make up just about anything.
especially your age.
♫  Your education ain't complete  ♫
- ♫  Teachers gonna show you  ♫  - ♫  Show you. show you  ♫
♫  How to get an "A"  ♫
♫  You add the two  ♫
♫  Listen to me. baby. that's all you gotta do  ♫
- ♫  Oh. A. B. C  ♫  - ♫  A. B. C  ♫
♫  It's easy as one. two. three  ♫
- ♫  Ah. simple as Do-Re-Mi  ♫  - ♫  Do-Re-Mi  ♫
♫  A. B. C. one. two. three  ♫
- ♫  Baby. you and me. girl  ♫  - ♫  You and me  ♫
Michael! How old are you?
- ♫  Sing a simple melody  ♫  - ♫  Do-Re-Mi  ♫
♫  A. B. C. that's how easy...  ♫
I'm. uh. I'm eight. sir.
♫  Sit down. girl  ♫
♫  I think I love ya  ♫
♫  No. get up. girl. show me what you can do  ♫
♫  Shake it. shake it. baby  ♫
♫  Come on now. shake it. shake it. baby  ♫
♫  Ooh-ooh. A. B. C. baby  ♫
♫  Nah nah. Do-Re-Mi. baby  ♫
♫  Ow! That's how easy love can be  ♫
I have been reading about the Serengeti.
Learning about all different types of lions. tigers.
monkeys. giraffes.
One day. you and I will have more friends to play with.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Look at this picture. You like it?
Come on. Michael. Joseph wants you.
And make sure you put your rat in the cage this time.
It's disgusting.
Come on now.
Meet Bill Bray.
He's your new head of security. all right?
Now. he's gonna be around a lot.
Make sure you mind him.
Nice to meet you. Mr. Bray.
It's very nice to meet you. too. young man.
You can call me Bill. okay?
Okay. Bill.
All right.
Guard him with your life.
Michael! You're missing the best part.
And llamas have three stomachs.
so they can digest their food
because all they eat is vegetables.
And they're really smart. very intelligent creatures.
And best of all. they never ever bite.
That's what you said about the rats.
No. really. Llamas never bite.
They only spit when they're agitated.
So. you want me to bring some
spitting. agitated animal into my house?
He'll live outside. Come on. please.
- Please say yes.  - No.
- I'll look after him.  - Absolutely not. Michael.
Mother has enough things to worry about.
And you don't need another pet.
They're not my pets.
They're my friends.
Well...
I do understand that.
But don't you want to meet real friends.
like. kids your own age?
I would like that for you.
I do sometimes. but I'm not like the other kids.
They don't treat me like a real person.
And all they want to do is stare
and take pictures of me.
Well. you look at me. Michael.
I knew you were different the moment you were born.
I knew you were different from your brothers.
and that's okay.
You have a very special light.
And you know what Jehovah says.
He says. "Let your light shine
"unto the world."
Now. you let your light shine.
Do you understand me?
Yeah.
Don't you ever let anyone take that away from you.
Not even yourself.
Come here.
The next song we're gonna do
is one of our favorites. You guys ready?
♫  You and I must make a pact  ♫
♫  We must bring salvation back  ♫
♫  Where there is love  ♫
- ♫  I'll be there  ♫  - ♫  I'll be there  ♫
♫  I'll be there to protect you  ♫
♫  Yeah. baby  ♫
♫  With an unselfish love  ♫
♫  That respects you  ♫
Michael!
♫  Just call my name  ♫
♫  And I'll be there  ♫
♫  And. oh  ♫
♫  I'll be there to comfort you  ♫
♫  Build my world of dreams around you  ♫
♫  I'm so glad that I found you. baby  ♫
♫  I'll be there with a love that's strong  ♫
♫  I'll be your strength  ♫
♫  I'll keep holding on. ooh  ♫
♫  Yes. I will  ♫
- ♫  Yes. I will  ♫  - ♫  If you should ever find  ♫
♫  Someone new  ♫
♫  I know he'd better be  ♫
♫  Good to you  ♫
♫  'Cause if he doesn't then  ♫
♫  I'll be there  ♫
♫  Don't you know. baby. yeah. yeah  ♫
♫  I'll be there...  ♫
Shedding the past. embracing freedom...
That's your album right there. brother.
That's what people want.
Pure escapism. Quincy.
- That's it.  - Yeah.
So...
how are you gonna tell your father about a solo album?
Breaking away from the family...
He's not gonna like that.
I'm not a kid anymore. Q.
I'm gonna look him straight in the eye.
Tell him to his face.
I need you to
tell my father that the solo album
was your idea.
Okay.
I'm gonna have a drink.
Michael. we love you doing a solo album.
Honestly. that's why we signed you all to Epic.
No disrespect to your family. but...
...this is what we were hoping for.
Great.
I just... I think it'll be better
coming from you guys.
Anything we can do to help. Michael.
So. tell us about the album.
Okay. Well. this album. it's really important to me.
I just...
I need the freedom to write the music and lyrics
that pop into my head.
You know. to express myself creatively.
I want a whole new sound. a whole new me.
Quincy Jones producing.
Rod Temperton. he's working on songs right now.
It sounds terrific. Michael.
Consider it done.
So. we feel like Michael doing a solo album
would be really great for the label
and. more importantly.
for the Jackson brand.
They could help each other with PR and merchandising
and feed each other. you know?
Feed. Sure.
So. I guess you're okay with all this.
Of course. gentlemen.
Whatever's good for Michael is great for me.
And if there's anything you need. don't hesitate to--
Only thing is...
Michael can do whatever he wants in his spare time.
so long as he continues to work with his brothers.
He... I'm sorry?
I own his ass from 9:00 to 5:00.
After that. it's up to him.
If he wants to cut an album at midnight. so fine with me.
As long as he's at that microphone at 9:00 a.m. sharp.
That's what works around here. My house.
Understood.
I appreciate you gentlemen stopping by. Shows respect.
- Our pleasure. Joe.  - Yeah.
I'm so excited to start recording with Q tonight.
I wish you could come.
I'm a little nervous. but more excited.
Definitely more excited.
I just have all these ideas in my head
just constantly flowing.
I just got to get them out.
You know?
You get some sleep. Louie.
I'll be back in the morning. I'll tell you all about it.
Are you ready. Joker? Yeah.
Let's hit it.
- You want me to drive?  - Not this time. Joker.
- You sure about that?  - Next time.
I'd rather let Louie drive.
Well. take your time.
Settle in.
No rush.
And. uh...
keep these feet still.
Oh. Q. Can you do me a favor
and lower the lights for me. please?
Just a little bit.
Thanks.
You are confident.
You're strong.
You are beautiful.
You are the greatest of all time.
Michael. you ready?
♫  I'm melting  ♫
♫  Like hot candle wax  ♫
♫  Sensation  ♫
♫  Lovely where we're at  ♫
♫  Ooh!  ♫
♫  So let love  ♫
♫  Take us through the hours  ♫
♫  I won't be complaining. ah. uh  ♫
♫  'Cause this is love power. ooh  ♫
♫  Keep on with the force. don't stop  ♫
♫  Don't stop 'til you get enough  ♫
♫  Ooh!  ♫
♫  Oh. baby  ♫
♫  Heartbreak enemy despise  ♫
♫  Eternal  ♫
♫  Love shines in my eyes. ooh  ♫
- ♫  So let love  ♫  - ♫  Oh. let love  ♫
♫  Take us through the hours  ♫
♫  I won't be complaining  ♫
- ♫  No. no  ♫  - ♫  Hoo  ♫
♫  'Cause your love is all right. all right. ooh  ♫
♫  Keep on with the force. don't stop  ♫
♫  Don't stop 'til you get enough  ♫
♫  Lovely  ♫
♫  Is the feeling now  ♫
♫  I won't be complaining. ooh. ooh  ♫
♫  The force is love power  ♫
♫  Keep on with the force. don't stop  ♫
♫  Don't stop 'til you get enough  ♫
♫  Don't stop. darling  ♫
♫  Keep on with the force. don't stop  ♫
♫  Go crazy. baby  ♫
♫  Keep on  ♫
♫  Don't stop 'til you get enough  ♫
♫  Keep on. darling  ♫
♫  Ah. ah. now  ♫
Mmm. Thank you.
It's almost here. Hurry up!
- What does he have going on?  - What is it this time?
It's a surprise.
Well. is it a car? Did you get a damn Ferrari. Michael?
Mike. I'm going back to bed.
Marlon. Tito. don't wake your father up.
La Toya.
- Do you know about this?  - Mm-mm.
What's going on?
♫  Rockin' robin  ♫
♫  Blow. rockin' robin...  ♫
♫  'Cause we're really gonna rock tonight  ♫
♫  Every little swallow. every chickadee...  ♫
What you got going on. Mike?
You'll see.
♫  The wise old owl. the big black crow  ♫
♫  Flappin' their wings singin' "Go. bird. go"  ♫
Oh. wow.
It's okay.
Go on.
Aw. it's okay.
I want you to meet my new friend. Bubbles.
Oh.
I rescued him from this awful place
where they do testing on animals.
Welcome to the family.
Michael. you do know that chimps are wild animals
that don't belong in a house in Encino.
Mother. I'll take good care of him.
I will. I promise.
Does he bite?
Oh. no. No. he's sweet.
But. you know. chimps...
are sensitive. though. you know.
to certain sounds and people.
You know. they either hide or they attack.
It's okay. Bubbles. It's okay.
You're safe now.
You want to make some music. huh?
That's me.
I just released my new album.
Those are my demos.
Don't mess that up.
Here. I want to show you this. Look.
Look.
You see?
This is Neverland.
I come here all the time.
It's filled with magic.
adventure.
pirates.
Here. I'll help you.
Look. the Lost Boys.
This is my favorite page. It's Peter Pan.
And his shadow.
So. Michael.
Surgeries. Have you had any surgeries
- in the past five years?  - Mm-mm.
What about medications? Are you taking any?
No. ma'am.
Just Benoquin cream for my vitiligo.
Oh. I'm sorry.
You know. it's much more common than people think.
Has it spread?
- A little bit.  - Yeah?
Yeah. But. you know. the cream.
it helps even out my skin tone.
Oh. I see. yeah.
Michael. good to see you again.
Almost ready for you. Any. uh...
Any last questions?
Oh. no. I'm ready.
All right. I need to make a few marks around the nose.
You know. you're a pretty good-looking kid.
You sure you want to do this?
I'm not a kid anymore.
And my nose is... It's too big.
Hmm. I'm not sure that's true.
Well. you see. my face isn't symmetrical
for the photographs and all.
I have to be perfect.
Well. you're the boss.
Just relax.
Hey!
What's going on. son?
Son?
Michael?
Boy.
come here.
What?
What in the world?
Let me see something.
Hey.
Oh. my God.
Michael.
It's for my sinuses.
♫  I guess I'll always be a dreamer  ♫
♫  Dreaming my life away. dreaming my life away  ♫
♫  And nothing comes but sleep. to a dreamer  ♫
♫  And when you wake up the dream is gone away  ♫
Maybe I should get a nose job.
- You think so?  - Yes. I do.
Muscles says. "Everybody does it."
- Mm-hmm.  - All the big stars.
All our favorite ones.
Well. it looks great.
- Do you really think so?  - I do.
- See. I wanted a new look.  - Oh. yeah?
- Reinvent myself.  - Mm-hmm.
You know. now that I'm doing my own thing and...
I want the world to see me differently.
Not a boy in a kid band anymore.
Yeah.
Look around. Michael. your fans love you.
They're not my fans.
They're part of my family.
It's just time for me to start
taking control of my own destiny.
Mm-hmm.
You know?
I want to be who I want to be.
Mikey. Joseph just called a meeting.
Careful. he's hungry.
How hungry?
He's pretty hungry.
For. like. a mouse?
Maybe.
There he is! Man of the hour!
Man of the hour.
Come on. sit down. Sit down.
Ah. Now...
you all real happy about Michael's success.
That's lovely to see.
It's heartwarming.
I mean. he can go all the way.
Right to the top.
All by himself.
Wouldn't that be something?
Oh. man. Let me tell you.
The Jackson family...
is the brand.
That's our Coca-Cola.
Yeah. So we need to
open up the store and start selling!
Or you know what's gonna happen?
Folks are gonna go out there and start buying some Pepsi!
We got to get in there again and vend the wares.
So. I've decided...
I'm arranging a tour
and a live album.
Wait. how are we gonna tour without Jermaine?
Your brother made his choice
when we left Motown. and he stayed.
Let him live with it.
The point is. we need to capitalize on Michael's album.
So. we gonna do a bunch of songs--
Joseph. I...
I... I need to think.
No. sir.
I told you what to think.
You got a problem with that. Michael?
We need to have a reasonable conversation
about this. Joseph.
You think now because you're a big
superstar and you have this big hit album
that you're better than everybody in this house?
Is that it?
You better than your brothers?
Your mother and me?
Is that it?
You need to think.
You think you're better than me. boy?
Joseph. that is enough.
Is that it. Michael? Huh?
- Is that it?  - That is enough!
Katherine. sit down.
Let's go.
♫  Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah  ♫
♫  'Cause if you don't stop  ♫
Where do you want to go?
Just drive.
Okay.
♫  I can't take it much longer  ♫
♫  My heart's getting weak  ♫
♫  It's not getting any stronger  ♫
♫  You keep me so upset  ♫
♫  My head's in a whirl  ♫
♫  But if you want to be. yeah  ♫
♫  Be my girl  ♫
♫  You better stop  ♫
♫  You're. oh  ♫
♫  Doggin' around  ♫
♫  You know what I'm talkin' bout. yeah. yeah. yeah  ♫
♫  If you don't stop  ♫
♫  I'm gonna...  ♫
I'm so sick of it. Bill. All of it.
Joseph's exploiting me.
And I had a whole plan.
Track list. the visuals.
I wanted to do a solo tour.
He's just... He's just ruining it all.
He's just...
I need my freedom.
Well...
You can move out.
I'm not ready for that.
It's not that easy.
Life's not easy. son. I'll tell you.
I love my family.
I do.
I just want to do my own thing.
Joseph's never gonna change.
Only thing he cares about is the Jackson family. Huh?
And no matter what you do.
he's only ever gonna see it as a family success.
Get your own team.
Get you a good lawyer.
Think about it.
♫  Ben. the two of us  ♫
♫  Need look no more  ♫
♫  We both found what we were  ♫
♫  Looking for  ♫
♫  With a friend to call my own  ♫
♫  I'll never be alone  ♫
♫  And you. my friend. will see  ♫
♫  You've got a friend in me  ♫
♫  Ben. you're always running  ♫
♫  Here and there  ♫
♫  You feel you're not wanted  ♫
♫  Anywhere  ♫
♫  If you ever look behind  ♫
♫  And don't like what you find  ♫
♫  There's something you should know  ♫
♫  You've got a place to go  ♫
♫  Like Ben  ♫
So. we appreciate you coming in
and we applaud your decision to seek independent counsel.
We can assure you the most comprehensive attention
to your entire media portfolio.
At Hardee Barovick. we believe
in treating our clients as family
- and we want you to--  - I already have a family.
Too much of one.
I mean. the whole point's going solo. right?
So. that means you're probably gonna
break a few hearts over there in Encino.
Unless I'm missing something.
Do I know you?
No. I don't think so.
You sure?
Yeah. I think I'd remember.
Who are you?
John Branca.
You handle The Beach Boys.
Yeah. I do.
Neil Diamond. Bob Dylan. couple other guys.
and now I work here.
I like The Beach Boys.
Me too.
Brian Wilson's a genius.
Some of the best harmonies in rock and roll.
Do you know what I'm after. Mr. Branca?
Sure.
You want to be the biggest star in the world.
Can you help make that happen?
Yes.
How?
Because I believe there's no one like you.
And there never will be.
Mr. Jackson...
- Mr. Jackson. I apologize--  - He's my guy.
Can you leave us alone for a second?
Please.
Of course.
Yes.
Okay. Mr. Branca.
Here's your first job.
I need you to fire Joseph.
Your dad?
You want me to fire your dad?
And how would you like me to do that?
Quickly.
- Yes.  - I think it goes...
Button it up like this.
- Right.  - Yeah.
La Toya. get the hell on out of here.
Kate. look at this.
Will you look at this?
The boy fired me with a piece of paper.
A piece of paper. Couldn't even be man to man. huh?
Look me in the eye and do it.
That boy's gonna feel my belt when he get in here!
No. he's not.
Yes. the hell he is.
What are you gonna do. beat him?
You're gonna whoop him?
He's grown.
What'd you say to me?
I said you can't do it no more.
You can't whoop nobody.
You can't beat nobody.
And if you don't like it. you can leave.
And the next time you see your son.
you ought to thank him.
Everything we have is because of him
and don't you ever forget that.
Everybody seems to forget
that I'm the one that got us out of Gary.
And everything I've done
is for this family.
You go on ahead and keep thinking that.
♫  Enjoy yourself. enjoy yourself  ♫
♫  Enjoy yourself with me  ♫
♫  You better enjoy yourself...  ♫
You didn't go down this side.
- Where? This? Left?  - Left. left. left.
Going left. All right.
A little choo-choo train.
I love it.
Hi.
So. I'm really excited.
This looks really cool.
- Look. it's you.  - That's you.
I can't wait to start playing it.
That's Michael Jackson.
- What?  - It's Michael Jackson.
What?
Please excuse him.
Are you actually. really...
Yeah. I'm Michael. yeah.
- Wow.  - Mom. it's...
- I wonder...  - Oh. my God.
I'd love an autograph. For my son. I mean.
Of course. yeah. Um...
He's a huge fan.
Here.
How about I sign this? What's your name?
Uh. you can just make it out to Pauline.
Mom?
- Pauline.  - Mom?
Mom. my name's Max. not Pauline.
I'm not Pauline.
Is that the new Atari game?
- I love that.  - You've played it?
Oh. yeah. all the time.
Just be sure to keep toggling left when you fire.
That's how you power up.
Cool. Thank you.
Of course.
Hi.
- Would you like an autograph?  - Yes. please.
- What's your name?  - Monica.
Monica. That's a pretty name.
What do you say. baby?
Thank you.
We're huge fans. Michael.
Thank you so much.
- Thanks.  - Hey. everybody. Too cute.
- Hey!  - Hey. Mikey!
What's up. Mikey?
- All right. jokers.  - What's up. Bill?
Too short.
Guys. look!
I got Twister.
- Twister?  - You want to play tonight?
- Fucking Twister?  - Really?
What we gonna do with Twister. man?
Come on. It'll be like the old days.
Would love to. Mike. but I got to be home
with the family. I can't be playing games.
And the rest of us are going out tonight.
Yeah. Marlon's got a hot date.
Yeah.
Marlon. what time are you gonna be home?
We could play then.
Hey. Marlon's gonna be playing his own game of Twister.
Shut up. Jackie.
I'm always lucky.
Yeah. right.
- You guys are no fun anymore.  - Come on. Mikey.
Don't be like that.
Hey. that's cheating.
You got red. not green.
It's okay.
Don't worry about it.
It takes a long time to learn
and I'm a professional dancer.
You want some ice cream?
Okay. but then I've got to go to work.
Don't break anything.
I'll be back.
♫  Don't blame it on the sunshine  ♫
♫  Don't blame it on the moonlight  ♫
♫  Don't blame it on the good times  ♫
♫  Blame it on the boogie  ♫
I was thinking about framing this.
Read it.
Go on. Read it.
Firing your own father.
What kind of son does that?
Michael...
You got a lot to learn about family.
♫  Stop! Na na na!. you'd better save it  ♫
♫  Stop. stop. stop. you'd better save it  ♫
♫  Whoo  ♫
- Hi. Welcome back. Michael.  - Hi.
Beautiful name.
♫  When we played tag in grade school  ♫
This is for you.
♫  You crossed your heart you'd quit  ♫
♫  When we grew up. you traded  ♫
♫  Your promise for my ring  ♫
Michael over here.
♫  You're doing the same old thing...  ♫
You want to say that again. transistor face?
You watch TV?
Yeah. Sometimes.
Yeah.
Cartoons.
Three Stooges a lot.
Charlie Chaplin.
You know who he is?
- Duh.  - No. you don't.
You're such a doo-doo head.
He's wonderful. really.
He's an actor. he's a movie director...
and he writes songs.
I have a dog.
It's a dachshund.
Mm. What's his name?
Rudy.
He's getting fat.
My mom says I feed him too much.
I love Rudy.
Do you have any pets?
Uh... A snake
and a giraffe.
No way.
And a llama.
And three parrots. two spiders.
and a whole lot of dogs.
It's got to be
the greatest-selling album of all time.
And not just by a Black artist
but by any race. any color. okay?
Then I want the largest concert tour there ever was.
Just stadiums only.
Just thousands and thousands of people
just rushing into the stadiums and just all over the world.
I also want to make short films featuring my music.
That's ambitious.
I can see it.
You see it. You can do it.
And I see it so clearly.
Well. Walter Yetnikoff called.
CBS wants to do a press release.
No. No press. no interviews. no nothing.
Well. he's not gonna like that.
You got to handle that. Branca.
You see...
I want to be mysterious.
Like-- Like Garbo.
You know. but. uh...
I mean. if Halley's Comet came every year.
just year after year. would you look at it?
You're gonna need publicity.
What I'm gonna need is a good record that sells.
- Nothing else matters.  - Fair enough.
Then I suggest you start laying down some killer demos.
Can you do that?
Of course. I can do that.
Hey. what are you doing. Mike?
I'm channeling.
I'm letting the Creator give me a song right now.
But if I'm not here to receive these ideas.
God might give them to Prince.
You're ticking me off. man.
Tito.
♫  There ain't no reason for you to be sad. yeah  ♫
♫  I know things can't be  ♫
Hello.
♫  With a smile on your face  ♫
♫  With the love in your eyes  ♫
♫  Love in your eyes  ♫
- ♫  I know you'll feel better  ♫  - ♫  Oh  ♫
♫  You can only try  ♫
- ♫  Try to think...  ♫  - ♫  Happy  ♫
♫  Happy. happy  ♫
♫  That's the only way to be  ♫
Yeah.
♫  Sing it to the world  ♫
♫  Sing it all night long  ♫
Almost all of the gunfire and death over drugs and territory
involves rival gangs.
Ryan Chavez reports from Los Angeles.
A best friend killed
by a rival gang member.
Another killed at a drive-by shooting in Sacramento.
because he wore the wrong color.
Those who wear blue call themselves the Crips.
the Bloods wear red.
Some. like Smokey. survive attacks.
though paralyzed.
People dyin' over nothing. man.
All the neighborhood.
Yet. the city remains filled
with warring soldiers.
This is the crib to me.
Something y'all don't do. y'all don't watch out.
You wouldn't die for him. would you?
You're saying that now on TV.
but you wouldn't die for him for real.
Yeah. I'd die for my homeboy.
But as time went on.
I started to get too deep in the drugs.
so I started getting in trouble on the streets.
So. I thought to myself.
"You know. it was either this or death."
Ryan Chavez reporting from Los Angeles.
Hmm.
- Hello?  - Hey. Bill. it's me.
Hey. Joker. What's up?
Well. I need some help
and was hoping you could pull some favors.
Okay. they're all at the studio.
But they're only there because of you.
I can't believe you're doing this.
Music will bring people together. Bill.
That's the point.
And if things work out. I have a big idea.
♫  California knows how to party  ♫
♫  In the city of LA  ♫
♫  In the city of good old Watts  ♫
♫  In the city. city of Compton  ♫
♫  They're poplocking  ♫
♫  Dance. jazz. disco styles  ♫
♫  It's all on the West Coast...  ♫
That's Michael. Michael Jackson.
Shit.
That was juicy right there.
What was that?
This dance is called Popping. man.
Whoo!
Hey. and this...
That's called the C-Walk. cuz.
Hey. can I get an autograph?
Whatever. cuz. Look. it's for my sister.
Come on.
Oh. yeah. of course.
Afterwards. I'll sign autographs for everybody.
I also want one. Mike.
For sure.
Look. I know this isn't easy for you guys.
So I just want to thank everybody for coming.
It's really important to me.
You see. I think music and dance
is what we all have in common.
That's a universal language.
And we can change the world.
- I believe that.  - Word.
Sounds good.
Let's work on that together.
Bam! Bam! Bam! Yep.
Bam! Bam! Bam!
Keep going.
Yeah. let's... Let's work on that part.
Right now. let's just forget about the arms. It's...
Shouldn't be too forced.
It's natural. It's a flow.
All together.
Ooh!
See?
- It's in unison. you know.  - Yes.
Think of. uh...
Like a school of fish.
You all move together.
- You know what I mean?  - Yeah. Sure.
I'm gonna try something.
Just got an idea.
Bill. can you bring my jacket. please?
I want to try something while we...
travel down this ways.
The jacket...
- Thank you.  - Yeah.
Let's do it again. I'm gonna break out and do something
but continue with that... with that flow.
Ooh!
Yeah. I like it.
Yeah!
What do you guys think?
That was tight. bro.
Feels good?
All right.
I want to try it with music now.
Yeah.
In fact. I want to put you all in my short film.
Yeah!
Let's crank it up. please. I want to feel it.
♫  Showin' how funky and strong is your fight  ♫
♫  It doesn't matter who's wrong or right  ♫
- ♫  Just beat it  ♫  - ♫  Beat it  ♫
- ♫  Beat it  ♫  - ♫  Beat it  ♫
♫  No one wants to be defeated  ♫
♫  Showin' how funky and strong is your fight  ♫
♫  It doesn't matter who's wrong or right  ♫
♫  Just beat it  ♫
♫  Beat it. beat it. beat it...  ♫
You know. CBS wants you
to call the album "Michael Jackson."
Too egocentric.
Louder!
Go straight into funky
and let that ooze into the rest of the chorus. You dig?
Okay. I'll try that.
You're on the cover of the damn album.
You're singing on every song.
A little more.
Don't kid a kidder now.
Now that's rock and roll.
That's some Van Halen shit.
- ♫  Beat it. beat it  ♫  - ♫  Beat it. beat it  ♫
♫  No one wants to be defeated  ♫
♫  Showin' how funky and strong is your fight  ♫
♫  It doesn't matter  ♫
♫  Who's wrong or right  ♫
- ♫  Just beat it  ♫  - ♫  Beat it...  ♫
Not you. my Marie-Antoinette.
for I will give you eternal life.
Can we stop a sec?
Cut! Cut!
That was great. You guys were perfect.
Just keep warm. Stretch out for a second.
Hey.
Is the camera supposed to move in there?
Uh... I-- I can ask John.
Is there a particular thing you're looking for? Or...
Yeah. I'm just worried we're not getting the feet.
You know. Fred Astaire would always say.
"You've got to get the whole body."
You know. that's how the audience feels the dance.
- Right. right.  - Um...
Can you ask John just to try that?
- Just for one take?  - Yeah. you got it. Yeah.
- Thank you.  - Yeah.
So. instead of moving in.
he wants the camera to move out to see the feet.
Okay.
Okay. Michael. we're gonna pull back.
We're gonna hold you head to toe.
- okay?  - Perfect.
- All right.  - Thank you.
Okay. everybody. back to first positions. please!
Quiet all around. please. Lock it up!
- Whoo!  - All right. sound ready.
Camera set!
- Slate?  - Go.
Okay. playback!!
And... action!
♫  'Cause this is thriller. thriller night  ♫
♫  And no one's gonna save you  ♫
♫  From the beast about to strike  ♫
♫  You know it's thriller. thriller night  ♫
♫  You're fighting for your life  ♫
♫  Inside a killer. thriller  ♫
♫  Thriller. thriller night  ♫
♫  'Cause I can thrill you  ♫
♫  More than any ghoul would ever dare try  ♫
♫  Ooh-ooh  ♫
♫  So let me hold you tight and share a  ♫
♫  Killer. thriller. ow!  ♫
♫  Ow! Tonight  ♫
♫  'Cause this is thriller. thriller night  ♫
♫  Girl. I can thrill you  ♫
♫  More than any ghoul would ever dare try  ♫
♫  Ooh-ooh  ♫
♫  So let me hold you tight and share a  ♫
♫  Killer. thriller. ow!  ♫
What can I say. guys. except congratulations.
Album's amazing. Everyone's buying.
Pop charts. R&B charts.
If this kid did a duet with Reba.
we'd own the goddamn country charts.
Thanks. Walter. Thanks so much.
Michael. everyone at the CBS family is so proud of you.
I'm proud of you. Now...
What can I do for you. my son? Your wish is my command.
Well. I'm really happy with the sales of Thriller.
But...
Branca.
We're happy with the sales.
but there's still something we need to do.
- promotion-wise.  - Hmm.
We need to get his videos on MTV.
MTV? Ay. ay. ay. Not possible.
The videos are masterpieces.
You haven't even seen Thriller yet.
it's gonna blow your mind.
And they will promote the record like nothing else.
And if we get into heavy rotation on MTV.
the sky's the limit.
And you know that.
MTV almost never plays Black artists.
I don't know why.
Maybe they don't want to scare the shit out of the white kids
in the suburbs.
Walter. I made this record for everybody.
White and Black.
We feel like Michael's videos deserve to be seen.
Michael. let me tell you something.
I'm a proud Black artist. Walter.
I will not be shoved to the back of any bus
by MTV or anyone.
Believe me. John. I have tried.
With love. Walter...
please try harder.
Sally. honey. can you get me Bob Pittman
over at MTV right now?
And tell that schmuck to drop everything
and take my call right the hell now.
- Of course.  - Thank you.
So. Michael.
- are you enjoying New York?  - Yeah.
Listen. I can get you tickets
to Marcel Marceau on Broadway . front row.
You know what? Better still. second row.
You don't want to be in the front row for them.
Those French artists. they're not so big
on showering. you know what I mean?
It's like Pepe LePew. but without so much talking.
You know. I have a burp coming
because I just had Coca-Cola like an asshole.
Sally!
Bob.
Thank you for taking my call.
Listen...
I need you to run Billie Jean for me.
I know. Uh. I know.
But here's the problem with that.
I don't give a shit. I don't give two shits.
I don't even give three shits.
So. you run Billie Jean for me.
and you run it all the time.
Okay. Bob. let me put it another way.
If you don't play Billie Jean in the next 10 minutes.
I'm gonna pull every CBS artist
from your lineup. okay?
Bruce Springsteen. Cheap Trick.
Charlie Daniels. Billy Joel.
Cyndi Lauper. Bob Dylan.
You can put them all in a plastic bag.
cover the plastic bag in Crisco.
and then shove them up your ass.
Yeah. your butthole.
We are no longer in business.
Michael Jackson's Thriller
has sold 25 million records and counting.
Michael Jackson is redefining
what it means to be a superstar.
He's single-handedly
revitalized the music business.
With each spin of Billie Jean on the radio.
we are witnessing a rise of an artist...
Add up the numbers. He is one
of the most popular entertainers of all time.
and these days. that means that
he's also a one-man financial empire.
♫  She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene  ♫
♫  I said. "Don't mind  ♫
♫  "But what do you mean I am the one  ♫
♫  "Who will dance on the floor in the round?"  ♫
♫  She said I am the one  ♫
♫  Who will dance on the floor in the round?  ♫
♫  She told me her name was Billie Jean  ♫
♫  As she caused a scene  ♫
♫  Then every head turned with eyes  ♫
♫  That dreamed of being the one  ♫
♫  Who will dance on the floor in the round?  ♫
♫  People always told me "Be careful what you do  ♫
♫  "And don't go around  ♫
♫  "Breakin' young girls' hearts"  ♫
♫  Hee-hee  ♫
♫  But she came and stood right by me  ♫
♫  Just the smell of sweet perfume  ♫
♫  This happened much too soon. she called me to her room  ♫
♫  Hey-ey-ey  ♫
♫  Billie Jean is not my lover  ♫
♫  Whoo!  ♫
♫  She's just a girl who claims that I am the one  ♫
♫  But the kid is not my son  ♫
♫  No. no  ♫
♫  She says I am the one  ♫
♫  Oh. baby  ♫
♫  But the kid is not my son. no  ♫
♫  Hee-hee-hee  ♫
♫  Oh!  ♫
♫  Ooh!  ♫
♫  She says I am the one  ♫
♫  But the kid is not my son  ♫
Michael! Michael! Michael!
♫  She says I am the one  ♫
♫  You know what you did  ♫
♫  She says he is my son  ♫
♫  Breakin' my heart. babe  ♫
♫  She says I am the one  ♫
♫  Yeah. yeah. Billie Jean is not my lover. uh  ♫
♫  Yeah. Billie Jean is not my lover. uh  ♫
♫  Yeah. Billie Jean is not my  ♫
♫  Don't call me Billie Jean  ♫
♫  She stumbled onto the scene  ♫
Mr. Gordy. over here.
Where is he?
There he is. There he is. Come on.
Are you kidding me? That was brilliant. Michael.
Oh. you shook the world with that performance.
Oh. my goodness.
I'm supposed to stay on my toes longer.
Michael. I'm so proud of you.
Everyone is talking about it.
That was beyond.
Y'all see that out tonight? Y'all see that?
Oh. come on. y'all did your thang!
That's my son! That's my son.
A regular money-making machine.
- We'll catch you later. Mike.  - Yeah.
- Yeah. bye. Mike.  - It's okay. Mother.
Just couldn't give him one night. huh?
What?
So. now let me get this straight. Don.
Ten. 11 or 12? How many was it you have?
That's 13 of the current world champions that I've promoted.
We got 110 fighters in our stable right now.
But I'm gonna tell you this. all right?
The big business that's gonna be booming?
The lightweight class.
I'm gonna take those young stars all the way to the top.
- Yeah. you are.  - Yeah.
- Life is good. my friend.  - Yes. it is.
Yes. it is.
Those Cubans. straight from Castro himself.
- All right.  - Yes.
- Oh. yes.  - Yes.
Now...
What did you want to talk to me about?
Have you thought about getting into the music business?
- Crossover-type thing?  - I don't follow you.
Well. I'm about to take
- my boys on a world tour.  - Hmm.
You know. we're gonna start with North America.
- You know. stadiums only.  - Hmm.
You know. the biggest.
It's time to show the world that the Jacksons are back.
- Right on. Okay.  - And bigger than ever.
You've seen them sales on Thriller.
- Huh?  - Mm-hmm.
People are gonna be climbing the walls.
Is Michael gonna be there?
Of course Michael's gonna be there.
Hmm. That's good to hear.
Now. what's in it for me?
I've been watching you. Don.
- I watch you like a hawk.  - Hmm.
I love the way you promote your fighters.
- Uh-huh.  - You're the king of marketing.
You know. I just. uh. I think that you and I.
if we came together. we could. uh...
We could form a good partnership.
Me and you?
I'll cut you a good deal.
I like deals.
I need...
this for my boys.
I need it.
You know. I think they deserve
the Rolls-Royce of sponsorships.
I mean. merchandising. marketing. you hear me?
I mean. it's got to be huge.
And only you and I could do it.
It'll be called...
- "The Victory Tour."  - Hmm.
I may have something for you.
Pepsi. They want to get back in the game.
Michael could be the face of the brand.
do some commercials.
All right.
- I can see it.  - Yeah.
But you wouldn't be bullshitting me.
would you. Joe?
Because if you can't get Michael...
I love it! Now. that's my favorite part.
I'm gonna leave it to you. Michael.
You can't go yet.
No. I'm going to bed. I'm tired.
You got to stay for the ending. That's the best part.
Your mother is tired. baby.
Do me a favor. Make sure you turn the lights off?
- Night. mother.  - Good night.
Why are you here?
What? Can't a father visit his son?
Biggest-selling record of all time
from a poor kid from Gary.
Who would have thought?
Me. I thought.
Come here.
Joseph. I know you want something.
Michael...
I'm gonna need you to tour with your brothers.
Now. I let you do that album by yourself.
I'm gonna need you to do this for me.
For your family.
I'm not a child anymore. Joseph.
- And you're not my manager.  - Here we go.
I have to start living my own life.
On my own.
Just like everyone else.
You ain't like everyone else.
So. you're trying to tell me
you want to be treated like an adult?
All right.
You want to see what the world is like
without a family that protects you.
Without a family that...
understands you.
Nobody else will understand you outside this place.
There you'll be with all the money in the world.
surrounded by people who'll say "yes"
to everything.
Is that what you want?
What kind of sense that make?
I'm gonna...
call Don King
and tell him you're doing a tour.
I know you don't want to let your family down.
♫  You're a whole new generation  ♫
♫  You're lovin' what you do  ♫
♫  Put a Pepsi in the motion  ♫
♫  That choice is up to you. hey-ey  ♫
Cut! Cut! Cut! Cut!
All right. here's what I need. I'm thinking...
I move the camera in while you're up here.
I need to get a close up of you at the top.
so just feel the camera as you come down.
- Okay.  - Okay. great. All right.
Okay. everybody.
Here we go. What is this? What do we got? Take six?
Lucky six. Lucky six.
Here we go. Energy. everybody!
You love the Jacksons. You love the Jacksons.
You love Pepsi. Let's go!
A marker!
B mark!
C mark.
And playback.
Michael!
What happened?
- Mike. are you okay?  - Back up!
- Bill. get him out of here!  - Here. Michael!
Hey. you're gonna be okay. okay? You're gonna be okay.
Come on. Mike. Clear a path!
Out of my way! Michael. I'm coming!
Get back! Get out of my way! Clear a path!
Get back! Get back!
Clear a path! Move! Move. please!
Michael!
Excuse me!
Hey. Kate. come on.
- Hey. I need to talk to you.  - Sir.
I'm his father. Joseph Jackson.
This is his mother. Katherine.
- Hi. It's good to meet you.  - Very nice to meet you.
Thank you.
Well. your son is in stable condition.
- All right.  - All right?
And. uh. we're trying to bring his heart rate down.
but he's in a lot of pain.
Okay. When will he recover?
It's too soon to tell.
It's gonna be a long road. all right?
He has third-degree burns and substantial nerve damage.
Okay.
Do you think he'll ever be able to perform again?
Ever?
Joseph.
Mr. Jackson. your son almost died.
I know that.
Well. if that fire had caught his clothes.
or burned over to his face and eyes. he wouldn't be here.
I know my boy.
And the only thing that's gonna heal him
is by getting back on that stage.
That's where he lives.
I understand that. sir.
- But it's gonna be a while.  - Do you? All right.
Yes. I do. But. Mr. Jackson...
he's gonna need your support to get there.
I'm sorry.
It's unlikely that will grow back.
You'll need surgery to laser the scar tissue
and stretch part of the scalp over the burn.
All right? We'll insert an implant to protect the scalp.
Will I have to wear a wig?
Well. right there on top.
What kind of wig? Like. a full wig?
Hard to say.
There are prosthetic hair weaves we can try.
but we won't know until we see
how the surgery goes next week.
Michael! Michael! Michael!
You'll. um...
You'll have to stay on the Demerol for a while.
I don't want to take medication.
I have to be honest. Mr. Jackson.
you're gonna need them.
We have to replace the implant periodically.
The nerves are exposed up there.
You'll be in a lot of pain.
I'll let you rest. but I'll be back later.
Michael! Michael! Michael!
You see the number of people
who have already gathered outside the hospital.
If that isn't a testament
to the star power of Michael Jackson.
I don't know what is.
The fans say they won't go back
until Michael Jackson's all right.
All right.
All right. Joker.
Got all your favorites.
Golden Temple. they send their love.
Got some Mexican.
Golden Temple's your favorite. Michael.
Chinese. Some fried chicken.
Even got these little red candies you like.
Thanks. Bill. You can just leave it there.
I'm not hungry.
Oh. Okay.
I'll leave you all to it.
- Okay. Thank you. Bill.  - Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry. Michael.
I should have protected you.
Mother. I don't want to discuss this right now.
Okay.
No one can stop Joseph.
Nobody.
You just know that. no matter what happens.
I'm gonna be here for you...
always.
I should get some rest now. Mother.
It's not your fault.
We all need you. Michael!
How are you feeling?
I'm okay.
You know. I'm still in a lot of pain.
But the doctors say I'm healing. So...
Well. that's good news.
All these kids here...
They won't fully heal
and there's burns all over their bodies.
It just breaks my heart.
It truly does.
You know. it got me thinking...
I need to do more for them.
How much are we getting for the accident.
It should be around seven figures.
I need every penny donated to the burn center here.
Please. you got to make that happen.
Yeah. of course.
I'm getting really sleepy.
These pain meds.
You get some rest
and I'll come check on you tomorrow.
Okay.
Did you bring that?
Oh. the mouse. yeah. That's from me.
- I love that.  - Good.
Thank you. Branca.
- I'll see you tomorrow.  - See you.
If that boy doesn't go on tour.
everything we have falls apart.
I'm talking deals. sponsorships. our reputation.
Everything. Everything just gone.
Everything here.
The boys won't be able to tour anymore.
Not without Michael.
Your son just got out of ICU.
Michael never wanted to do
The Victory Tour to begin with.
You planned this entire thing behind his back.
When are you gonna realize he's on his own path?
And sometimes. you need to get out of the way.
Otherwise. you're gonna lose him.
What about the other boys?
They'll find their own path.
You know something. Bill?
What's that?
God's been very good to me.
That he has.
Not just the accident.
You know. I... I almost died...
but I was given a second chance.
Yeah. well...
God gave you a gift. son.
A platform...
to reach the whole world.
I can't ignore that.
No.
I have to shine my light.
Spread love and joy.
To heal.
Yeah.
That's my destiny.
I truly believe that.
Well. why don't we focus on getting you healthy first?
Then we can do all those things you need to do.
I'm gonna do the tour.
Are you sure?
For my family.
But then I'm ready. Bill.
I'm gonna look him straight in the eye.
This is my life.
My path.
Mine.
Okay. let's go out there and tear that stage up.
Yeah.
Give the audience what they deserve.
- Yeah.  - The best show ever.
I told you what to think.
I love you guys.
You ain't like everyone else.
You think you're better than me. boy?
- Love you. too. Mike.  - I really do.
Love you. too. Mike.
Nobody else will understand you
outside this place.
The Jacksons on three. One. two. three...
Jacksons!
After I give these boys a rest.
I'm planning an international tour.
With Michael?
Yeah. we're gonna hit all the big arenas and stadiums.
This is just the beginning of The Victory Tour.
You got more shows?
Yeah. we gonna hit every continent.
But. first of all. we're going to Paris. London. Tokyo.
South Africa. You name it. we gonna be there.
This is gonna be the biggest anyone has ever seen.
Shh! Shh!
♫  Reaching out  ♫
♫  Across the nighttime  ♫
♫  The city winks a sleepless eye  ♫
♫  Hear her voice  ♫
♫  Shake my window  ♫
♫  Sweet seducing sighs  ♫
♫  Get me out  ♫
♫  Into the nighttime  ♫
♫  Four walls won't hold me tonight  ♫
Shh. shh!
♫  If this town is just an apple  ♫
♫  Then let me take a bite  ♫
♫  If they say. "Why? Why?"  ♫
♫  Tell 'em that it's human nature  ♫
♫  Why? Why?. does he do me that way?  ♫
♫  If they say. "Why? Why?"  ♫
♫  Tell 'em that it's human nature  ♫
♫  Why? Why?. does he do me that way?  ♫
♫  Reaching out  ♫
♫  To touch a stranger  ♫
♫  Electric eyes are everywhere  ♫
Shh. shh!
♫  See that girl  ♫
♫  She knows I'm watching  ♫
♫  She likes the way I stare  ♫
♫  If they say. "Why? Why?"  ♫
♫  Tell 'em that it's human nature  ♫
♫  Why? Why?. does he do me that way?  ♫
♫  If they say. "Why? Why?"  ♫
♫  Tell 'em that it's human nature  ♫
♫  Why? Why?. does he do me that way?  ♫
♫  I like living this way  ♫
♫  I like loving this way  ♫
♫  That way! Oh. why?  ♫
♫  Reaching out  ♫
Shh! Shh!
♫  Into the nighttime  ♫
♫  I'm dreaming of the street  ♫
Everybody sing.
♫  If they say  ♫
♫  Why? Why?  ♫
♫  Tell 'em that it's human nature  ♫
♫  Does he do me that way?  ♫
Everybody!
♫  Why? Why?  ♫
♫  Tell 'em that it's human nature  ♫
♫  Does he do me that way?  ♫
♫  If they say "Why? Why? Why? Why?"  ♫
♫  Ooh. tell them  ♫
♫  Does he do me that way?  ♫
♫  If they say "Why? Why? Why? Why?"  ♫
♫  Ooh. tell them  ♫
♫  Hey!. does he do me that way?  ♫
♫  I like living this way  ♫
♫  That way! Oh. why?  ♫
Good job. everybody.
Did you see that?
Did you hear them?
One more.
You hear that crowd?
How you feeling. LA?
How you doing out there?
Ooh. ah!
♫  Ooh. my honey  ♫
♫  You got me workin' day and night. ah. ah  ♫
♫  But what is love. girl  ♫
♫  If I'm always out of sight. whoo!  ♫
♫  That's why  ♫
♫  You got me workin' day and night  ♫
♫  And I'll be workin'  ♫
♫  From sun up to midnight  ♫
♫  You got me workin'. workin' day and night  ♫
♫  Hold on  ♫
♫  I'm getting tired  ♫
♫  You got me workin'. workin' day and night  ♫
♫  Hold on. Mama  ♫
♫  Ooh. ah!  ♫
I'd like to say thank you
for six terrific nights here at Dodger Stadium.
Also want to thank the entire band.
They've been incredible. And most of all...
I want to thank my brothers...
and you fans.
Bring it down. Bring it down.
Bring it down. the music. Bring it.
Listen up.
I'd like to say...
this is our last and final tour.
That this is our farewell tour!
Michael! Michael! Michael!
You've all been wonderful.
It's been a long 20 years.
Michael! Michael! Michael!
And we love you all.
♫  Whoo! And that's why  ♫
♫  You got me workin' day and night  ♫
♫  And I'll be workin'  ♫
♫  From sun up to midnight  ♫
♫  You got me workin'. workin' day and night  ♫
♫  Hold on  ♫
♫  I'm so tired  ♫
♫  You got me workin'. workin' day and night  ♫
♫  Hold on. Mama  ♫
♫  Ooh. ah!  ♫
Good night! I love you!
We love you!
We love you. Los Angeles!
You guys are beautiful!
Good night. LA!
Thank you!
Michael!
Why the hell did you say that? What'd you say?
You said we're done?
We're not done till I say we're done.
Michael! Let's talk about this!
- Hey. Joe.  - I'm still your father!
It's over.
Michael! Michael! Michael!
♫  Your butt is mine. gon' tell you right. ah  ♫
♫  Just show your face in broad daylight. ah  ♫
♫  I'm telling you on who I feel. ah  ♫
♫  Gonna hurt your mind. don't shoot to kill  ♫
♫  Shamone. shamone  ♫
♫  Lay it on me. ah. all right  ♫
♫  I'm givin' you on count to three. ah  ♫
♫  To show your stuff or let it be. ah  ♫
♫  I'm tellin' you. just watch your mouth. ah  ♫
♫  I know your game. what you're about. ah  ♫
♫  Well. they say the sky's the limit  ♫
♫  And to me that's really true. ah  ♫
♫  But my friend. you have seen nothing  ♫
♫  Just wait 'til I get through. because I'm bad  ♫
♫  I'm bad. shamone  ♫
♫  Bad. bad. really. really bad  ♫
♫  Yeah. you know I'm bad  ♫
- ♫  I'm bad  ♫  - ♫  Bad. bad  ♫
- ♫  You know it  ♫  - ♫  Really. really bad  ♫
- ♫  You know I'm bad. I'm bad  ♫  - ♫  Bad. bad  ♫
- ♫  Shamone. you know  ♫  - ♫  Really. really bad  ♫
♫  And the whole world has to answer right now  ♫
♫  Just to tell you once again. who's bad?  ♫
♫  The word is out  ♫
♫  You're doing it wrong  ♫
♫  Gon' lock you up before too long  ♫
♫  Your lyin' eyes gon' tell you right. ah  ♫
♫  So listen up. don't make a fight. ah  ♫
♫  Your talk is cheap. you're not a man. ah  ♫
♫  You're throwin' stones to hide your hands  ♫
♫  Well. they say the sky's the limit  ♫
♫  And to me that's really true. ah  ♫
♫  But my friend. you have seen nothing  ♫
♫  Just wait 'til I get through. because I'm bad  ♫
♫  I'm bad. shamone  ♫
♫  Bad. bad. really. really bad  ♫
♫  Yeah. you know I'm bad  ♫
- ♫  I'm bad  ♫  - ♫  Bad. bad  ♫
- ♫  You know it  ♫  - ♫  Really. really bad  ♫
- ♫  You know I'm bad. I'm bad  ♫  - ♫  Bad. bad  ♫
- ♫  You know it. you know  ♫  - ♫  Really. really bad  ♫
♫  And the whole world has to answer right now  ♫
♫  Just to tell you once again. who's bad?  ♫
♫  Ow!  ♫
♫  Whoo!  ♫
♫  We can change the world tomorrow  ♫
♫  This could be a better place  ♫
♫  If you don't like what I'm sayin'  ♫
♫  Then won't you slap my face?. because I'm bad  ♫
♫  I'm bad. shamone  ♫
♫  Bad. bad. really. really bad  ♫
♫  Yeah. you know I'm bad  ♫
- ♫  I'm bad  ♫  - ♫  Bad. bad  ♫
- ♫  You know it  ♫  - ♫  Really. really bad  ♫
♫  Yeah. you know I'm bad  ♫
- ♫  I'm bad  ♫  - ♫  Bad. bad  ♫
- ♫  You know it. you know  ♫  - ♫  Really. really bad  ♫
♫  And the whole world has to answer right now  ♫
♫  Just to tell you once again  ♫
♫  Yeah. you know I'm bad  ♫
- ♫  I'm bad  ♫  - ♫  Bad. bad  ♫
- ♫  Shamone  ♫  - ♫  Really. really bad  ♫
♫  You know I'm bad I'm bad. bad  ♫
♫  Really. really bad. really. really bad  ♫
- ♫  You know. you know  ♫  - ♫  Bad. bad  ♫
- ♫  You know. come on  ♫  - ♫  Really. really bad  ♫
♫  And the whole world has to answer right now  ♫
♫  Just to tell you once again  ♫
- ♫  You know I'm bad  ♫  - ♫  Bad. bad  ♫
♫  Really. really bad  ♫
♫  Bad. bad  ♫
- ♫  You know. you know  ♫  - ♫  Bad. bad  ♫
♫  Really. really bad  ♫
♫  And the whole world has to answer right now  ♫
♫  Just to tell you once again. who's bad?  ♫
♫  Who's bad?  ♫
♫  When I had you to myself  ♫
♫  I didn't want you around  ♫
♫  Those pretty faces always made you  ♫
♫  Stand out in a crowd  ♫
♫  But someone picked you from the bunch  ♫
♫  One glance was all it took  ♫
♫  Now it's much too late for me  ♫
♫  To take a second look  ♫
♫  Oh. baby. give me one more chance  ♫
♫  To show you that I love you  ♫
♫  Won't you please let me  ♫
♫  Back in your heart?  ♫
♫  Oh. darlin'. I was blind to let you go  ♫
♫  Let you go. baby  ♫
♫  But now since I see you  ♫
♫  I want you back  ♫
- ♫  Yes. I do now  ♫  - ♫  I want you back  ♫
- ♫  Ooh. ooh. baby  ♫  - ♫  A. B. C  ♫
Everybody clap your hands! Come on!
♫  One. two. three  ♫
♫  Do-Re-Mi. a. B. C  ♫
♫  That's how easy love can be  ♫
♫  You and I must make a pact  ♫
♫  We must bring salvation back  ♫
♫  Where there is love  ♫
- ♫  I'll be there  ♫  - ♫  I'll be there  ♫
♫  I'll reach out my hand to you  ♫
♫  I'll have faith in all you do  ♫
- ♫  Just call my name  ♫  - ♫  Just call my name  ♫
- ♫  And I'll be there  ♫  - ♫  I'll be there  ♫
♫  Don't you know. baby. yeah. yeah  ♫
♫  I'll be there  ♫
Everybody sing!
♫  Just call my name  ♫
- ♫  I'll be there  ♫  - ♫  I'll be there  ♫
♫  Just look over your shoulders. honey  ♫
♫  I'll be there  ♫
- ♫  Everybody sing. yeah  ♫  - ♫  Oh. sing it baby  ♫
♫  Just call my name  ♫
♫  And I'll...  ♫
♫  Be there  ♫
♫  Ow!  ♫
♫  Live in sin  ♫
♫  Ten years ago on this day. my heart was yearnin'  ♫
♫  I promised I would never ever be returning  ♫
♫  Where my baby broke my heart and left me yearnin'  ♫
♫  Hee  ♫
♫  As we walked into the room. there were faces  ♫
♫  Starin'. glarin'. tearin' through me  ♫
♫  Someone said. "Welcome to your doom"  ♫
♫  Then they smiled with eyes  ♫
♫  That looked as if they knew me  ♫
♫  This is scarin' me  ♫
♫  We walked up the stairs still concealin' gloom  ♫
♫  There were two girls sittin' in my room  ♫
♫  She walked up to my face. said. "This is the place"  ♫
♫  You said. "Meet you right here at noon"  ♫
♫  This is Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
Everybody!
♫  Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
♫  Welcome to. heartbreak Hotel  ♫
♫  This place is. heartbreak Hotel  ♫
♫  Hope is dead  ♫
♫  She thought that I had cheated for another lover  ♫
♫  I turn my back to see that I am undercover  ♫
♫  Now I can't convince this girl there ain't no other  ♫
♫  Hee  ♫
♫  Someone's evil to hurt my soul  ♫
♫  Every smile's a trial  ♫
♫  Thought in beguile to hurt me  ♫
♫  Then the man next door had told  ♫
♫  "She's been here in tears for 15 years."  ♫
♫  This is scarin' me  ♫
♫  Ooh  ♫
♫  We came to this place. where the vicious dwell  ♫
♫  Found that wicked women run this strange hotel  ♫
♫  There was Sefra and Sue. every girl that I knew  ♫
♫  And my baby said. "Love is through"  ♫
♫  This is Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
Everybody!
♫  Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
♫  So evil. Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
♫  This place is. heartbreak Hotel  ♫
- ♫  Someone stabbed my heart  ♫  - ♫  Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
♫  This is Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
♫  Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
- ♫  Ten years ago today  ♫  - ♫  Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
♫  This is Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
♫  Heartbreak Hotel  ♫
♫  You know I was wondering  ♫
♫  If you could keep on  ♫
♫  Because the force has got a lot of power  ♫
♫  And it makes me feel like... it makes me feel like  ♫
♫  Ooh  ♫
♫  Oh. baby  ♫
♫  Keep on with the force  ♫
♫  Heartbreak  ♫
♫  Enemy despise  ♫
♫  Eternal  ♫
♫  Love shines in my eyes. ooh  ♫
♫  So let love  ♫
♫  Take us through the hours  ♫
♫  I won't be complainin'  ♫
♫  'Cause your love is. all right. all right  ♫
♫  Keep on with the force. don't stop  ♫
♫  Don't stop 'til you get enough  ♫
♫  Ooh  ♫
♫  Oh. baby  ♫
♫  Keep on with the force  ♫
♫  Heartbreak  ♫
♫  Enemy despise  ♫
♫  Eternal  ♫
♫  Love shines in my eyes. ooh  ♫
♫  So let love  ♫
♫  Take us through the hours  ♫
♫  I won't be complainin'  ♫
♫  Ooh  ♫
♫  'Cause your love is. all right. all right  ♫
♫  Keep on with the force. don't stop  ♫
♫  Don't stop 'til you get enough  ♫
♫  Lovely  ♫
♫  Is the feelin' now  ♫
♫  I won't be complainin'  ♫
♫  Ooh  ♫
♫  The force is love power  ♫
♫  Keep on with the force. don't stop  ♫
♫  Don't stop 'til you get enough  ♫
♫  Don't. baby  ♫
♫  Keep on with the force. don't stop  ♫
♫  Don't stop 'til you get enough  ♫
♫  Keep on. darlin'  ♫
♫  Keep on  ♫